[IMP] barcode: update adjustments doc (#6889)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/barcode/operations/adjustments.rst

app`.

Once inside the :guilabel:`Barcode app`, a :guilabel:`Barcode Scanning` screen displaying different
options is presented. To create and apply inventory adjustments, click on the :guilabel:`Inventory
Adjustments` button at the bottom of the screen. This automatically creates a new adjustment, and
navigates to a new Barcode Inventory Client Action page with :guilabel:`Inventory Adjustment` at the
top of the form.

.. image:: adjustments/adjustments-barcode-scanner.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Barcode app start screen with scanner.

To begin the adjustment, first scan the source location in the warehouse of the product whose count
is being adjusted. Then, scan the product barcode(s). The barcode of a specific product can be
scanned multiple times to increase the quantity of that product in the adjustment.

.. tip::
   If the warehouse *multi-location* feature is not enabled in the database, a source location does
   not need to be scanned. Instead, simply scan the product barcode to start the inventory
   adjustment.

Alternatively, the quantity can be changed by clicking the :guilabel:`pencil` icon on the far right

> of the product line, and editing the number in the :guilabel:`Quantity` line on the following
> screen. Additionally, the :guilabel:`+1` and :guilabel:`-1` buttons can be clicked to add or
> subtract quantity of the product, and the :guilabel:`number keys` can be used to add quantity, as
> well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the product line.

Doing so opens a separate window with a keypad. Use the :guilabel:+1 and :guilabel:-1 buttons or the
number keys to modify the product quantity directly.
```

.. example::

>    In the below Inventory Adjustment, the source location `WH/Stock/Shelf/2` was scanned. Then, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In the below inventory adjustment, the source location `WH/Stock/Shelf/2` was scanned. Then, the
```

>    barcode for the product `[FURN_7888] Desk Stand with Screen` was scanned 3 times. Additional

Reviewer: Scanning the product does what? (: I think we explain just *a little* bit more about maybe how scanning the product increases the Quantity by 1, or something (:

   products can be added to this adjustment by scanning the barcodes for those specific products.

   .. image:: adjustments/adjustments-barcode-inventory-client-action.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Barcode Inventory Client Action page with inventory adjustment.

> To apply the inventory adjustment, click the green :guilabel:`Apply` button with the check mark at

Reviewer: To make it super clear that doing this completes the flow
```suggestion
To finalize the inventory adjustment, click the green :guilabel:`Apply` button with the check mark
at 
```

the bottom of the page. Once applied, Odoo navigates back to the :guilabel:`Barcode Scanning`

> screen. A small green banner appears in the top right of the page reading: **The inventory
> adjustment has been validated.**

Reviewer: optional suggestion for brevity! If you choose to go with your original, I think the text "The inventory
adjustment has been validated." should be wrapped with a guilabel since it's visible on the screen
```suggestion
screen. A small green banner appears in the top right corner, confirming the validation of the
adjustment.
```

.. admonition:: Did you know?

   Odoo's *Barcode* application provides demo data with barcodes to explore the features of the app.
   These can be used for testing purposes, and can be printed from the home screen of the app. To
   access this demo data, navigate to the :menuselection:`Barcode app` and click :guilabel:`stock
   barcodes sheet` and :guilabel:`commands for Inventory` (bolded and highlighted in blue) in the
   information pop-up above the scanner.

   .. image:: adjustments/adjustments-barcode-stock-sheets.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Demo data prompt pop-up on Barcode app main screen.

Manually add products to inventory adjustment
=============================================

> When creating and applying inventory adjustments in a warehouse, Odoo *Barcode* can also be used to
> manually add products to the adjustment if location and product barcodes are not on hand. To do
> this, first navigate to the :menuselection:`Barcode app`.

Reviewer: optional!
```suggestion
When the barcodes for the location or product are not available, Odoo *Barcode* can still be used to
perform inventory adjustments. To do this, first navigate to the :menuselection:`Barcode app`.
```

Once inside the :guilabel:`Barcode app`, a :guilabel:`Barcode Scanning` screen displaying different

> options is presented. Create a new inventory adjustment by clicking on the :guilabel:`Inventory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
options is presented. Create a new inventory adjustment by clicking the :guilabel:`Inventory
```

Adjustments` button at the bottom of the screen. This navigates to a new, blank Barcode Inventory
Client Action page with :guilabel:`Inventory Adjustment` at the top of the form.

To manually add products to this adjustment, click the white :guilabel:`Add Product` button at the
bottom of the screen.

> This navigates to a new, blank page where the product, quantity, and source location can be chosen.

Reviewer: In order to add a product, I believe all of this info listed must be filled? To my knowledge? 
```suggestion
This opens a new window the product, quantity, and source location must be filled.
```

=========================================
Apply inventory adjustments with barcodes
=========================================

In a warehouse, the recorded inventory counts in the database might not always match the actual,
real inventory counts. In such cases, inventory adjustments can be made to reconcile the
differences, and ensure that the recorded counts in the database match the actual counts in the
warehouse. In Odoo, the *Barcode* app can be used to make these adjustments.

> This can be done from scratch in real time using an Odoo-compatible barcode scanner or the Odoo
> mobile app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These adjustments can be done from scratch in real-time using an Odoo-compatible barcode scanner or
the Odoo mobile app.
```

> For a list of Odoo-compatible barcode mobile scanners and other hardware for the *Inventory* and
> *Barcode* apps, refer to the `Odoo Inventory • Hardware page
> <https://www.odoo.com/app/inventory-hardware>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a list of Odoo-compatible barcode mobile scanners, and other hardware for the *Inventory* and
*Barcode* apps, refer to the `Odoo Inventory • Hardware page
<https://www.odoo.com/app/inventory-hardware>`_.
```

.. seealso::
   :doc:`../../management/inventory_adjustments/count_products`

Enable Barcode app
==================

> To use the *Barcode* app to create and apply inventory adjustments, it must be installed by enabling
> the feature from the settings of the *Inventory* app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use the *Barcode* app to create and apply inventory adjustments, it **must** be installed by
enabling the feature from the settings of the *Inventory* app.
```

To do so, go to the :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings`. Then, scroll down
to the :guilabel:`Barcode` section, and click the checkbox next to the :guilabel:`Barcode Scanner`
feature.

Once the checkbox is ticked, click :guilabel:`Save` at the top of the page to save changes.

Once the page has refreshed, new options are displayed under the :guilabel:`Barcode Scanner`
feature: :guilabel:`Barcode Nomenclature` (with a corresponding drop-down menu), where either
:guilabel:`Default Nomenclature` or :guilabel:`Default GS1 Nomenclature` can be selected. The

> nomenclature selected changes how scanners interpret barcodes in Odoo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
selected nomenclature changes how scanners interpret barcodes in Odoo.
```

> There is also a :guilabel:`Configure Product Barcodes` internal link arrow, and a set of
> :guilabel:`Print` buttons for printing barcode commands and a barcode demo sheet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is also a :guilabel:`Configure Product Barcodes` internal link arrow, along with a set of
:guilabel:`Print` buttons that can be used for printing barcode commands and a barcode demo sheet.
```

.. image:: adjustments/adjustments-barcode-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enabled Barcode feature in Inventory app settings.

For more on setting up and configuring the :guilabel:`Barcode` app, refer to the :doc:`Set up your
barcode scanner </applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/barcode/setup/hardware>` and
:doc:`Activate the Barcodes in Odoo
</applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/barcode/setup/software>` documentation pages.

Create and apply inventory adjustment
=====================================

To scan product barcodes and apply inventory adjustments, navigate to the :menuselection:`Barcode
app`.

> Once inside the :guilabel:`Barcode app`, a :guilabel:`Barcode Scanning` screen displaying different
> options is presented. To create and apply inventory adjustments, click on the :guilabel:`Inventory
> Adjustments` button at the bottom of the screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once inside the *Barcode* app, a :guilabel:`Barcode Scanning` screen, displaying different options
is presented.

To create and apply inventory adjustments, click on the :guilabel:`Inventory Adjustments` button at
the bottom of the screen.
```

Doing so creates a new adjustment, and navigates to the :guilabel:`Barcode Inventory Client Action`

> page with :guilabel:`Inventory Adjustment` at the top of the form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
page, with :guilabel:`Inventory Adjustment` at the top of the form.
```

.. image:: adjustments/adjustments-barcode-scanner.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Barcode app start screen with scanner.

> To begin the adjustment, first scan the *source location*, the current location in the warehouse of
> the product whose count should be adjusted. Then, scan the product barcode(s). The barcode of a
> specific product can be scanned multiple times to increase the quantity of that product in the
> adjustment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To begin the adjustment, first scan the *source location*, which is the current location in the
warehouse of the product whose count should be adjusted. Then, scan the product barcode(s).

The barcode of a specific product can be scanned multiple times to increase the quantity of that
product in the adjustment.
```

.. tip::

>    If the warehouse *multi-location* feature is not enabled in the database, a source location does
>    not need to be scanned. Instead, simply scan the product barcode to start the inventory
>    adjustment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If the warehouse *multi-location* feature is **not** enabled in the database, a source location
   does not need to be scanned. Instead, simply scan the product barcode to start the inventory
   adjustment.
```

> Alternatively, the quantity can be changed by clicking the :guilabel:`pencil` icon on the far right
> of the product line.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the quantity can be changed by clicking the :guilabel:`✏️ (pencil)` icon on the
far-right of the product line.
```

Doing so opens a separate window with a keypad. Edit the number in the :guilabel:`Quantity` line to
change the quantity. Additionally, the :guilabel:`+1` and :guilabel:`-1` buttons can be clicked to
add or subtract quantity of the product, and the :guilabel:`number keys` can be used to add
quantity, as well.

.. example::
   In the below inventory adjustment, the source location `WH/Stock/Shelf/2` was scanned, assigning
   the location. Then, the barcode for the product `[FURN_7888] Desk Stand with Screen` was scanned

>    3 times, increasing the units in the adjustment. Additional products can be added to this
>    adjustment by scanning the barcodes for those specific products.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   3 times, increasing the units in the adjustment.
   
   Additional products can be added to this adjustment by scanning the barcodes for those specific
   products.
```

   .. image:: adjustments/adjustments-barcode-inventory-client-action.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Barcode Inventory Client Action page with inventory adjustment.

> To complete the inventory adjustment, click the green :guilabel:`Apply` button with the check mark
> at the bottom of the page. Once applied, Odoo navigates back to the :guilabel:`Barcode Scanning`
> screen. A small green banner appears in the top right corner, confirming validation of the
> adjustment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To complete the inventory adjustment, click the green :guilabel:`Apply` button with the checkmark at
the bottom of the page.

Once applied, Odoo navigates back to the :guilabel:`Barcode Scanning` screen. A small green banner
appears in the top-right corner, confirming validation of the adjustment.
```

.. admonition:: Did you know?

   Odoo's *Barcode* application provides demo data with barcodes to explore the features of the app.

>    These can be used for testing purposes, and can be printed from the home screen of the app. To
>    access this demo data, navigate to the :menuselection:`Barcode app` and click :guilabel:`stock
>    barcodes sheet` and :guilabel:`commands for Inventory` (bolded and highlighted in blue) in the
>    information pop-up above the scanner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   These can be used for testing purposes, and can be printed from the home screen of the app.
   
   To access this demo data, navigate to the :menuselection:`Barcode app`, and click
   :guilabel:`stock barcodes sheet` and :guilabel:`commands for Inventory` (bolded and highlighted
   in blue) in the information pop-up window above the scanner.
```

   .. image:: adjustments/adjustments-barcode-stock-sheets.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Demo data prompt pop-up on Barcode app main screen.

Manually add products to inventory adjustment
=============================================

When the barcodes for the location or product are not available, Odoo *Barcode* can still be used to
perform inventory adjustments. To do this, first navigate to the :menuselection:`Barcode app`.

> Once inside the :guilabel:`Barcode app`, a :guilabel:`Barcode Scanning` screen displaying different
> options is presented. Create a new inventory adjustment by clicking the :guilabel:`Inventory
> Adjustments` button at the bottom of the screen. This navigates to a new, blank :guilabel:`Barcode
> Inventory Client Action` page with :guilabel:`Inventory Adjustment` at the top of the form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once inside the *Barcode* app, a :guilabel:`Barcode Scanning` screen, displaying different options
is presented. Create a new inventory adjustment by clicking the :guilabel:`Inventory Adjustments`
button at the bottom of the screen.

Doing so navigates to a new, blank :guilabel:`Barcode Inventory Client Action` page, with
:guilabel:`Inventory Adjustment` at the top of the form.
```

To manually add products to this adjustment, click the white :guilabel:`Add Product` button at the
bottom of the screen.

> This navigates to a new, blank page where the desired product, quantity, and source location must be
> chosen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This navigates to a new, blank page where the desired product, quantity, and source location
**must** be chosen.
```

   .. image:: adjustments/adjustments-keypad.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Keypad to add products on Barcode Inventory Client Action page.

First, click the :guilabel:`Product` line, and choose the product whose stock count should be
adjusted. Then, manually enter the quantity of that product, either by changing the `1` in the
:guilabel:`Quantity` line, or by clicking the :guilabel:`+1` and :guilabel:`-1` buttons to add or
subtract quantity of the product. The :guilabel:`number keys` can be used to add quantity, as well.

Below the :guilabel:`number keys` is the :guilabel:`location` line, which should read `WH/Stock` by
default. Click this line to reveal a drop-down menu of locations to choose from, and choose the

> :guilabel:`source location` for this inventory adjustment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
desired :guilabel:`source location` for this inventory adjustment.
```

Once ready, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to confirm the changes.

> To apply the inventory adjustment, click the green :guilabel:`Apply` button with the check mark at
> the bottom of the page. Once applied, Odoo navigates back to the :guilabel:`Barcode Scanning`
> screen. A small green banner appears in the top right corner, confirming validation of the
> adjustment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To apply the inventory adjustment, click the green :guilabel:`Apply` button, with the checkmark, at
the bottom of the page. 

Once applied, Odoo navigates back to the :guilabel:`Barcode Scanning` screen. A small green banner
appears in the top-right corner, confirming validation of the adjustment.
```

feature: :guilabel:`Barcode Nomenclature` (with a corresponding drop-down menu), where either
:guilabel:`Default Nomenclature` or :guilabel:`Default GS1 Nomenclature` can be selected. The
selected nomenclature changes how scanners interpret barcodes in Odoo.

There is also a :guilabel:`Configure Product Barcodes` internal link arrow, along with a set of
:guilabel:`Print` buttons for printing barcode commands and a barcode demo sheet.

.. image:: adjustments/adjustments-barcode-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enabled Barcode feature in Inventory app settings.

For more on setting up and configuring the :guilabel:`Barcode` app, refer to the :doc:`Set up your
barcode scanner <../setup/hardware>` and :doc:`Activate the Barcodes in Odoo
<../setup/software>`.

Create and apply inventory adjustment
=====================================

To scan product barcodes and apply inventory adjustments, navigate to the :menuselection:`Barcode
app`.

Once inside the *Barcode* app, a :guilabel:`Barcode Scanning` screen displaying different options is
presented.

To create and apply inventory adjustments, click on the :guilabel:`Inventory Adjustments` button at
the bottom of the screen.

> Doing so creates a new adjustment, and navigates to the :guilabel:`Barcode Inventory Client Action`
> page, with :guilabel:`Inventory Adjustment` at the top of the form.

Reviewer 3: I don't think the action of clicking the **Inventory Adjustments (#)** button actually creates a new adjustment, right? All it seems to do is direct to the new dashboard where adjustments can be created...

As well, does **Barcode Inventory Client Action** get a gui?

Here's a suggested rewrite:

```suggestion
Doing so navigates to the *Barcode Inventory Client Action* page , labeled as :guilabel:`Inventory Adjustment` in the top header section.
```

.. image:: adjustments/adjustments-barcode-scanner.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Barcode app start screen with scanner.

To begin the adjustment, first scan the *source location*, which is the current location in the
warehouse of the product whose count should be adjusted. Then, scan the product barcode(s).

The barcode of a specific product can be scanned multiple times to increase the quantity of that
product in the adjustment.

.. tip::
   If the warehouse *multi-location* feature is **not** enabled in the database, a source location
   does not need to be scanned. Instead, simply scan the product barcode to start the inventory
   adjustment.

> Alternatively, the quantity can be changed by clicking the :guilabel:`pencil` icon on the far right

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the quantity can be changed by clicking the :guilabel:`✏️ (pencil)` icon on the far right
```

of the product line.

Doing so opens a separate window with a keypad. Edit the number in the :guilabel:`Quantity` line to
change the quantity. Additionally, the :guilabel:`+1` and :guilabel:`-1` buttons can be clicked to

> add or subtract quantity of the product, and the :guilabel:`number keys` can be used to add

Reviewer 3: no gui here
```suggestion
add or subtract quantity of the product, and the number keys can be used to add
```

quantity, as well.

.. example::
   In the below inventory adjustment, the source location `WH/Stock/Shelf/2` was scanned, assigning
   the location. Then, the barcode for the product `[FURN_7888] Desk Stand with Screen` was scanned
   3 times, increasing the units in the adjustment. Additional products can be added to this
   adjustment by scanning the barcodes for those specific products.

   .. image:: adjustments/adjustments-barcode-inventory-client-action.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Barcode Inventory Client Action page with inventory adjustment.

> To complete the inventory adjustment, click the green :guilabel:`Apply` button with the check mark

Reviewer 3: alternatively acceptable 
```suggestion
To complete the inventory adjustment, click the green :guilabel:`✅ Apply` button
```

at the bottom of the page.

Once applied, Odoo navigates back to the :guilabel:`Barcode Scanning` screen. A small green banner
appears in the top right corner, confirming validation of the adjustment.

.. admonition:: Did you know?

   Odoo's *Barcode* application provides demo data with barcodes to explore the features of the app.
   These can be used for testing purposes, and can be printed from the home screen of the app.

   To access this demo data, navigate to the :menuselection:`Barcode app` and click :guilabel:`stock
   barcodes sheet` and :guilabel:`commands for Inventory` (bolded and highlighted in blue) in the
   information pop-up window above the scanner.

   .. image:: adjustments/adjustments-barcode-stock-sheets.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Demo data prompt pop-up on Barcode app main screen.

Manually add products to inventory adjustment
=============================================

> When the barcodes for the location or product are not available, Odoo *Barcode* can still be used to
> perform inventory adjustments. To do this, first navigate to the :menuselection:`Barcode app`.
> 
> Once inside the :guilabel:`Barcode app`, a :guilabel:`Barcode Scanning` screen displaying different
> options is presented. Create a new inventory adjustment by clicking the :guilabel:`Inventory
> Adjustments` button at the bottom of the screen.

Reviewer 3: More concise
```suggestion
When the barcodes for the location or product are not available, Odoo *Barcode* can still be used to
perform inventory adjustments. 

To do this, navigate to the :menuselection:`Barcode app --> Barcode Scanning --> Inventory Adjustements`.
```

This navigates to a new, blank :guilabel:`Barcode Inventory Client Action` page, with

> :guilabel:`Inventory Adjustment` at the top of the form.

Reviewer 3: see previous suggestion above in the review

> To manually add products to this adjustment, click the white :guilabel:`Add Product` button at the

Reviewer 3: alternatively acceptable
```suggestion
To manually add products to this adjustment, click the white :guilabel:`➕ Add Product` button at the
```

bottom of the screen.

This navigates to a new, blank page where the desired product, quantity, and source location must be
chosen.

   .. image:: adjustments/adjustments-keypad.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Keypad to add products on Barcode Inventory Client Action page.

First, click the :guilabel:`Product` line, and choose the product whose stock count should be
adjusted. Then, manually enter the quantity of that product, either by changing the `1` in the
:guilabel:`Quantity` line, or by clicking the :guilabel:`+1` and :guilabel:`-1` buttons to add or

> subtract quantity of the product. The :guilabel:`number keys` can be used to add quantity, as well.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
subtract quantity of the product. The number pad can be used to add quantity, as well.
```

> Below the :guilabel:`number keys` is the :guilabel:`location` line, which should read `WH/Stock` by

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Below the number pad is the :guilabel:`location` line, which should read `WH/Stock` by
```

default. Click this line to reveal a drop-down menu of locations to choose from, and choose the
:guilabel:`source location` for this inventory adjustment.

Once ready, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to confirm the changes.

> To apply the inventory adjustment, click the green :guilabel:`Apply` button with the check mark, at

Reviewer 3: alternatively acceptable
```suggestion
To apply the inventory adjustment, click the green :guilabel:`✅ Apply` button
```

enabling the feature from the settings of the *Inventory* app.

To do so, go to the :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings`. Then, scroll down
to the :guilabel:`Barcode` section, and click the checkbox next to the :guilabel:`Barcode Scanner`
feature.

Once the checkbox is ticked, click :guilabel:`Save` at the top of the page to save changes.

Once the page has refreshed, new options are displayed under the :guilabel:`Barcode Scanner`
feature: :guilabel:`Barcode Nomenclature` (with a corresponding drop-down menu), where either
:guilabel:`Default Nomenclature` or :guilabel:`Default GS1 Nomenclature` can be selected. The
selected nomenclature changes how scanners interpret barcodes in Odoo.

There is also a :guilabel:`Configure Product Barcodes` internal link arrow, along with a set of
:guilabel:`Print` buttons for printing barcode commands and a barcode demo sheet.

.. image:: adjustments/adjustments-barcode-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enabled Barcode feature in Inventory app settings.

For more on setting up and configuring the :guilabel:`Barcode` app, refer to the :doc:`Set up your

> barcode scanner </applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/barcode/setup/hardware>` and
> :doc:`Activate the Barcodes in Odoo
> </applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/barcode/setup/software>` documentation pages.

Reviewer 4: Update to relative doc path
```suggestion
barcode scanner <../setup/hardware>` and :doc:`Activate the Barcodes in Odoo
<../setup/software>`.
```

Create and apply inventory adjustment
=====================================

To scan product barcodes and apply inventory adjustments, navigate to the :menuselection:`Barcode
app`.

> Once inside the *Barcode* app, a :guilabel:`Barcode Scanning` screen displaying different
> options is presented.

Reviewer 4: Early line break
```suggestion
Once inside the *Barcode* app, a :guilabel:`Barcode Scanning` screen displaying different options is
presented.
```
